if you saw flowers in the attic you have to continue the story here .
just like the books the storyline is a bit over dramatic but if you liked the 1st one you 'll be glad to see the followup .
and if you know the books , you know to expect the melodrama anyway .
This rendition of the story was just & # 34 ; o.k .
I was a big fan of the books ,
and liked the newer version of Flowers in the Attic .
I had high hopes for this sequel , but it just left out too many things .
Yes , you got the & # 34 ; general idea & # 34 ; of the story ,
but it skipped over so many things that were important .
to the story line .
I think this version would be easy enough to follow if you were familiar with the books ,
because then your mind could fill in all the blanks as you watch .
I wish they would have presented it as a 2 night mini-series instead .
Then , perhaps , they could have expanded the story .
This was not as good as I had hoped for
I thought maybe lifetime would make a movie of every book in the series ,
but it looks like they did great with Flowers in the Attic
then fell short with trying to cram the remaining books of the series into this 2 hour movie
I loved seeing it on television as the series is one of my favorites ,
but had hoped for a bit more .
I found Lifetime 's Flowers in the Attic pretty dull and lifeless , but WOW !
the sequel was not dull and was so much fun .
There was never a moment I was n't completely involved in the story .
The story does seem rushed at times , but there were so many unexpected twists and turns .
Also
I have to say this movie took the incest story arch from Flowers in the Attic and multiplied it by 10 .
At times I was surprised by the amount of sex it has in it for a lifetime movie .
There was a scene in which Heather Graham confronts her husband while he 's shaving that had me do a double take because I could not believe what I was seeing .
The acting is actually really good by all .
A vast improvement over the first and the movie is just plain CRAZY !
at times .
It whips along and takes no prisoners .
The final 5 minutes has 3 plot developments that were all a surprise to me .
Judging as an intellectual person , this is not a 5 star film ,
but as someone who can enjoy a lurid , gothic , kinky , over the top drama fest .
I loved It .
This movie does not do justice to the book
& # 34
Petals in the wind & # 34
.
But it made the point clear .
As much as it could be .
I understand that producers try to make the best version into a movie by crowding as much of the book 's important details so that the viewer can understand the concept .
The acting was good .
Not really great but fairly reasonable .
The most talented actor was hardly shown which would be Ellen Burstyn .
These were young actors on their way up and they were good .
Ca n't take away from them their talent .
Some of the parts were almost comical because as I said
they were crammed to close together and caused a little humor in that regard .
But , take my word for it , .
The book is better .
More exciting and you can not sense the confusion the kids had after getting away from their Grandmothers attic .
In the movie they just show that their incestuous desires just suddenly happened .
And brother and sister slept together .
I only gave it 3 stars for the reason that it had been something I had wanted to watch for a while .
But it does not compare to the book .
amazing best Cathy yet .
Please keep making t hese films .
Jessi a Lange and Charlize Theron would be awesome .
great job
If you 're like me and are in love with the books and have read them you will notice there are alot of differences between the book and the movie .
But besides that it was great and I think all the actors were pretty good .
Also if christopher is as sexy as the guy who played christopher in this movie i dont know if i will be able to contain myself .
The acting and storyline were exceptional .
Very twisted , yet brilliant .
It was definitely the perfect sequel to Flowers in the Attic .
Much better than expected .
Clearly contrived and unlikely , but for pure entertainment value it was a good story .
I just finished watching Petals on the Wind .
I was struck by the universally bad acting and terrible production values .
The film looked low budget even by Lifetime standards .
Yet it was hard to look away .
I remember reading the book many years ago and I was surprised that Lifetime did not shy away from the incest story line .
The movie was a lot different from the book , right from the beginning .
I 'm not convinced it was such a good thing though .
The book is so cleverly written
where the movie though it was okay did n't do the book justice .
I like the cast .
I like the set and costume design .
Even the cinematography was great .
The story was changed though and that is what made the film just alright .
Plus the movie was much more disturbing , and not in a good way as you might think .
I generally go for disturbing .
Not this time though .
I admit , I 'm curious to see how the other books will be adapted .
They did sign on for them all .
Disturbing is what I like , so hopefully the next set of films can get back on track .
the way they see it is interesting
I still love the books but nice to see how it is seen buy others .
Great actors
looking forward to seeing the other ones [ coming soon ] glad I did not buy it
seen it on tv
It was shocking and suspensful .
Cant wait for the next one .
I watched Flowers in the Attic on television , but could n't Petals on the Wind .
I 'm kinda glad that I bought it .
It 's not bad .
Heather Graham goes a little overboard on the scene chewing ,
but let 's be honest it 's Kathy 's story .
The actors that portrayed the three remaining kids were great .
This is the 2nd in a series of movies based upon the V.C.
Andrews books about the Doppleganger family .
The trailer of this movie gave away TOO much information - it was very long and covered about every dramatic detail of the movie so that kind of spoiled the movie just a bit .
Another thing ... if you have n't read the book
be aware that this story involves an incestual relationship between the two main characters .
It could n't be left out as this relationship is a huge part of the entire series of books .
If you have younger folks watching this
I 'd suggest a discussion before and afterwards just to make sure they understand what is happening .
The Lifetime network has released a teaser promising movies following this one based on the next two books in the series -If There Be Thorns and Seeds of Yesterday .
I 'm looking forward to watching those two as well !
Wonderful follow up to the movie Flowers In The Attic .
I was on the edge of my seat the entire time .
Not as good as the book ... it was missing the suspense the book had me just waiting to turn another page for .
If I had not read the books many times over , been a HUGE fan of V.C.
Andrews and absolutely LOVED all her books ...
I probably would not be so critical and would have liked the movie more .
Stars for Lovers of Bad Movies or Fans of The Books2 Stars for Everyone ElseEarlier this year
the Lifetime network premiered a new interpretation of the 1979 cult novel `` Flowers in the Attic '' by V.C.
Andrews featuring Heather Graham , Mad Men 's Kiernan Shipka , and the incomparable Ellen Burstyn .
While I appreciated that this adaptation tried to stay truer to the source novel than the previous film version
it lacked a bit of suspense for my taste .
Aside from Burstyn
the entire production was missing a bite and energy which left a certain blandness in its wake .
Maybe they tried to be too reverent to the plotting and lost track of how the piece should make you feel -LRB- unsettled and uncomfortable -RRB- .
For good or bad
Lifetime has committed to bringing the novel 's sequels to the air as well .
I think it 's fair to say that `` Petals on the Wind '' is not a particularly good movie ,
but at least it 's a lot more lunatic fun than its predecessor .
As the movie zips along with cartoon villainy , elaborate revenge schemes ,
and a truly Gothic horror finale
I found the movie entirely entertaining if you can embrace its bad movie mojo .
Petals on the Wind '' picks up ten years later than the events of the previous movie .
Cathy , Christopher and Carrie are still haunted by their days in the attic .
Cathy -LRB- now played by Rose McIver -RRB- is an aspiring ballerina
Christopher -LRB- Wyatt Nash -RRB- is a medical student ,
and Carrie -LRB- Bailey Buntain -RRB- is a tormented high school student .
Their adopted father and benefactor has recently died , and they face a brave new world as adults .
As they struggle with their new destiny , the life they left behind is never far from memory .
As both of the older siblings attempt grown-up relationships -LRB- while struggling with the lingering attraction for one another -RRB-
the screenplay races through a number of twists and turns .
Cathy 's trip to New York to be a prima ballerina
for example
is so rushed as to be almost laughable .
Strangely enough , though , that is part of the movie 's charm .
At the shocking end of this particular storyline -LRB- on the opening night of a rather lackluster Romeo and Juliet -RRB-
I simply had to laugh out loud .
It was all so spectacularly silly , but I do n't want to spoil any of its pleasures .
Of course , what we are all waiting for is the final showdown between mother and children .
Graham spends the entire movie renovating the family home while Burstyn is mostly absent -LRB- and
sadly
she is missed -RRB- .
After some more plotting and machinations
the kids force a confrontation at an elaborate party that embraces a delightful lunacy that I loved .
As I mentioned
`` Petals on the Wind '' is never particularly good -LRB- the performances and dialogue can be stilted and painful -RRB- but it is loopy enough to be enjoyable .
Burstyn shines in her brief appearance and even the wooden Heather Graham has some nice moments at the end .
I credit this adaptation for just going for it and embracing its madness .
I laughed along with `` Petals on the Wind '' and , for me , that was enough .
I did n't find it shocking or moving , I found it spirited ,
somewhat twisted ,
and a lot of fun .
KGHarris , 5/14 .
I absolutely enjoyed this movie , I loved it !
I have watched it four times in 6 days .
The only thing I wished had changed about this movie id I wish it was longer or they had divided it up into two movies .
I am excited to see If there be thorns and seedsof yesterday
I hope to see Rose McIver and Wyatt Nash together again on screen
they did an amazing job .
They couldnt have cast a better Cathy and Christopher , the chemistry between them was amazing .
I do wish they had shown more of Cathy and Christopher together
it is such a sick and twisted romantic love story
this movie is a must see !
This movie kept our interest throughout the entire movie .
It was interesting to see how the lives of 3 children that had been through all they had turned out .
If you watched & # 34
Flowers in the Attic & # 34
, this is a must watch .
It was ok , the first one was better .
Even with everything Lifetime had to adjust or eliminate from the book .
With the exception of a few details , this movie had nothing in common with the book .
The first movie , Flowers in the Attic , was very closer to the book .
So I was very excited to see this one in action .
I figured they would n't be able to fit it all in because sooo much happens in the book ,
but I did n't think they would change THAT MUCH .
I 'm not normally a negative person , but I really did not like this movie at all .
Petals in The Wind I saw this movie on lifetime last night and saw the first one as well .
I did n't like the way the two older children were acting at all .
Brother & sister , kissing etc.
That is twisted and sick.
I would n't buy either movie .
Once was enough to view these two movies .
Would n't watch them again .
I liked the 1987 version of : 'Flowers in The Attic much better and recommend it.
A much better version.
Which I would view again .
Plus one more thing about the up to date version
the brother & sister getting married & having children together which was towards the end of the second movie was again so sick & twisted .
GARBAGE !
Abnormal behavior for brother & sister .
Do n't waste your money on either of these movies .
Definitely made for TV .
Fits on with the first movie to tell the story of what happened to all the characters .
I liked it .
A little different .
My only complaint is that this movie was n't eight times longer .
Next time , Lifetime , please make it a mini-series event .
So many missed opportunities for more poisonings , car crashes , fires , and nervous breakdowns .
As it stands
we have several identical-looking actors -- statuesque blonds with confused faces -- all sleeping with each other 's spouse-siblings .
Also , I do n't want to spoil anything ,
but there 's a magical surprise in grandma Ellen Burstyn 's trunk at the end !
All in all , A++ choice for cocktail drinking and live-tweeting with your catty friends .
What in the HELL was this ?
I do n't blame the actors- they did n't write this but Cathy was a steel hearted
strong
cynical powerhouse in the books- this character was like a battered housewife .
Horrible !
That is NOT who Cathy was .
So rushed .
So impossible to wrap this book into a 90 minute movie .
So sad- because it would have been a great mini series because the books have such a following .
Ive read the entire series and when i saw they had made a movie esp of this book i was all gung ho but they change too much they totally cut out the Catherine/ Paul relationship and change allot about the Cat/Julian .
and down played her career all together .
the only people that i could see watching this are those who have read the books and i say to you do n't your going to be disappointed
Of course the book is always better ,
and details have been changed so they could fit the story into a small time frame .
That being said I believe they rely upon the reader to have known the story to really get the depth of the situation .
I did like the movie overall and I am looking forward to if there be thorns ,
and seeds of yesterday .
I am hoping they also come back with the casteel series !
The movie was based on the book by VC .
Andrews .
There are 5 books
& # 34
Flowers in the Attic & # 34
, & # 34
Petals on the Wind & # 34
, & # 34
If there be Thorns & # 34
, & # 34
Seeds of Yesterday & # 34 ;
and the prequel , & # 34 ; Gardens of the Shadows .
Petals on the Wind & # 34 ; is the second book .
The movie is not exactly like the book , but close enough .
The book & # 34
Petals on the Wind & # 34
, picks up from where the children leave the attic and the family home.
The movie begins 10 years after the children leave the attic .
The movie is about 3 children
Cathy
Chris
Carrie
who escaped from a horrible situation .
Cathy , the dancer is strong , forceful and determined to get justice .
Chris , the doctor is silent , handsome and devoted to Cathy .
Carrie is sweet , needy and confused .
They find a better life and careers at the home of a caring stranger ,
but they can never forget the past .
They fight forbidden feelings , guilt , deep anger and unending pain .
Cathy vows to destroy the mother , who threw them away .
The movie had action , lust , hate and revenge .
The movie does contain SEXUAL situations between blood relatives .
The movie is rushed and chapters of the book are skipped in order to make the 2 hour timeline ,
but I liked it & # 34 ;
I watched the first of this series , flowers in the attic and got totally sucked in .
Then I watched this movie , the second in the series .
It had a lot of drama and underlying suspense .
I really enjoyed all the different dynamics of the characters and how you really started to feel for there love
even tho it was wrong .
Great ending : -RRB-
It was really good and intense
This was not as good as the Flowers In The Attic .
But it was a good movie .
The books were better .
I have watched this movie everyday since it premiered on lifetime .
The chemistry between the two main actors is superb !
Great adaptation .
Ca n't wait for the next movie !
I loved the movie !
Yes it was a lot of material jammed into a 90 minute movie but still was great !
This film was great .
I did n't like the actress who was cast as & # 34
Cathy & # 34
,
but all-in-all , this was a great movie .
Ellen Burstyn is perfect .
This is n't a film for the children , although .
There are some rather gratuitously sexual scenes .
The whole & # 34 ; incest & # 34 ; thing is enough to gag a maggot ,
however , it truly makes you feel anger for these characters .
The only real & # 34
good guy & # 34
in this film
is the Grandmother .
She 's the only one you do n't really feel disgust for .
This movie is definitely different from the novel ,
but I actually enjoyed the movie version of the story more .
Most people will probably be mad with this sequel due to the difference ,
but I recommend watching it .
In no way is it as good as the first movie ,
but it definitely deserves to be watched .
I had higher hopes for this movie ,
but I do n't think it 's as terrible as everyone makes it out to be .
This is HARD book to make into a movie , same as Flowers .
I did n't like it per say ,
but there are many movies far worse that fans adore -LRB- I 'm not talking about Twilight before anyone thinks that -RRB- .
I have loved the books since I was in middle school -LRB- I 'm 18 now -RRB- .
Personally I think they should have made it a series like HBO did for Game of Thrones .
It 's the sequel to Flowers in the Attic ,
so if you have n't watched that yet you must .
The children are grown up and living a life outside the attic as normal as can be until their adopted parent dies .
Problems in the children's/young adults lives start to arise that bring them back to their mother .
What do they seek from their mother ?
Revenge or answers ?
I wo n't tell you , but it 's worth finding out .
I could n't stop watching this movie which is what lead me to give it a rating of 5 stars .
I liked how dramatic it is , but I do n't like the sibling scenes .
I would recommend this to anyone over the age of 16 who likes twisted stories or movies with a gorgeous cast .
Almost too gorgeous ...
This is the Lifetime sequel to & # 34
Flowers in the Attic & # 34
which left me speechless .
The film picks up a few years later .
Our children managed to survive until Dr .
Paul Sheffield adopted them .
The incestuous siblings pick up where they left off .
Cathy -LRB- Rose McIver -RRB- leaves for NY for ballet .
Christopher -LRB- Wyatt Nash -RRB- is following is adopted father in the medical field and young Carrie -LRB- Bailey Buntain -RRB- has trouble adapting socially to high school and the world in general .
Christopher gets a girlfriend and plans to get married ,
while Cathy is pregnant with a child she claims is her ballet boy friend ,
but who knows .
Mom -LRB- Heather Graham -RRB- makes it back into the film during the second half .
I was scratching my head at the disjointed script and soap opera type drama .
Wyatt Nash reminded me of Casper Van Dien and not in a good way .
The plot twisted in ways I was not prepared for , i.e .
the character has not really been established , especially Cathy who ranged from sweet innocent to demonic devious .
The sexual curiosity of Carrie was done awkwardly if not unintentionally comical .
The bizarreness of the film , kept me watching , like a train wreak .
Please do n't make another one because I will watch it .
I have n't read the book , but it has to be better .
Rated TV-14 for theme and implied sex .
Several scenes of clothes being removed and passionate kissing .
Rose McIver in bra .
The Sequel was great.
Ca n't wait to keep following the storie !
Disapointed Carrie Died though.
Looking forward to more from this series .
Strange series but the acting was very good and it was true to the books .
Heather Graham was excellent in this and in Flowers in the Attic .
Decent movie .
Beginning is confusing and hard to follow .
Once you get past this and figure out what is going on it picks up and turns into a good movie .
As a V.C.
Andrews fan , I was actually pretty appalled by how awful this 'adaptation ' was .
Even though it 's been quite a few years since I read the Flowers in the Attic series
I 'm still pretty sure that more than half of what happened in this film did not occur in the books .
This was beyond cheesy and badly acted -LRB- Heather Graham anyone ?
I had zero expectations going into this and after the not much better Flowers in the Attic
I did n't think it could get worse .
I watched this because of boredom and a stupid sense of obligation .
There has n't been an adaptation of Petals on the Wind before so I gave it a chance .
I would n't even call this a guilty pleasure .
It 's just plain bad .
Ellen Burstyne is the only slightly redeemable part of this but her role is minuscule and not worth it in the end .
Just stick to re-reading the books and not sullying those memories ...
Like others , I was really looking forward to this , but wound up sorely disappointed .
While the narrative was mostly accurate , albeit very cursory , many of the details were not .
For instance
without explicitly saying so
Likewise scenes purporting to show the same battle were in sunny green fields rather than the bitter cold and snow which is the reality .
Still other extremely important personalities were
for the most part
left out - Montgomery comes to mind right away .
I certainly understand that the focus of the mini-series was to give some idea of what the major players were thinking and how they reacted ,
but the liberties taken with the supporting facts and scenes left a whole lot to be desired .
It 's just okay ...
I 'm a history teacher and a huge World War !
enthusiast , but I just found the series to be lacking on the production side of things .
The pace was a little slow and it had no reason to be ...
If you 're trying to tell the history of WWII from 1939-1945
things should be flying around with graphics
action
information
key battles
mini-bios
etc .
I was really looking forward to this series and hoped to buy the dvd -LRB- I watched the original broadcasts on the History Channel -RRB- ,
but I 'll only pick this up as a used copy for $ 5 a few years down the road .
A really good series for people of all ages .
I hope that this will continue to be seen for generations to come .
Watch the extended version that 's being shown on H2HD at the moment .
Some great insight that was n't mentioned in the version that was aired on Memorial Day weekend .
This series is great in every way .
I 'm an history fanatic ,
and I believe that there are some historical inaccuracies that are mentioned , it really is very entertaining ,
and insightful .
The idea of documenting the connections between the two world wars is good .
It was interesting to see WW2 leaders as they were in WW1 .
However there were so many inaccuracies in the WW2 episode that I have trouble buying anything it says it all .
MacArthur was not a 5 star in WW2 .
Patton was not brought back to the front for the Battle of the Bulge .
He did not win the Italy campaign - in fact he was n't even in it .
That was Clark .
Roosevelt did not personally pick battle commanders .
Good grief .
If they had spent as much time fact-checking this six-hour series as promoting it
it may have been a classic .
Instead , it 's a six-hour series of mistakes , anachronisms , and superficial repetition .
If you love History , you 'll hate this .
What a terribly disappointing series .
Just awful accuracy and elements of & # 34
docudrama & # 34
that are embarrassingly poor .
Buy World at War instead .
I watched this series when it aired on the History channel ,
and I found it to extremely informative and interesting .
I can not wait until I receive my dvd !
While & # 34
The World Wars & # 34
was macro-ly correct
there were so many mistakes in the presentation
even historical accuracy
this series is a marginally correct historical docudrama .
The first big mistake , in my opinion , was leaving out Eisenhower .
I know , Eisenhower was overshadowed by MacArthur 's supposed genius ,
and Patton 's personality ,
but Eisenhower was in charge of the American army from the African campaigns all the way through Italy when he left to prepare for Operation Overlord
the amphibious attack on France .
Not once was he mentioned .
Bradley , as well , was neglected .
Bradley was the one general who reprimanded Patton for his slapping the war weary soldier
which was shown in this movie and in the movie & # 34
Patton .
Bradley then became the second in charge after Patton was relieved of his command .
Some of the faults
Generals MacArthur and Marshall were shown with the five-star & # 34
General of the Army & # 34
insignia which were n't given until after the conflict was over .
MacArthur wore a tie all of the time .
He rarely wore a tie , especially during WWII .
The series showed MacArthur as a genius while leading the troops in the Pacific
in reality MacArthur was unprepared when the Japanese attacked the Phillipines and committed troops to doom to obtain minimal results
particularly in New Guinea .
Also
the movie also indicated that MacArthur 's planning went from the Phillipines to directly to the landings on & # 34
mainland & # 34
Japan
in fact
we had many more large islands to attack prior to the proposed 'operation Olympic ' which was to be the actual landings on mainland Japan .
Formosa and Okinawa to name two .
While Patton showed remarkable tank skills in France
when he was in charge of troops in Africa
many soldiers died unnecessarily because of his poor leadership .
In the movie & # 34
Patton
& # 34
he did not stop Rommel in his tracks
Rommel out-foxed everyone and only had to pull out of Africa when he lost his supply chain .
Rommel retreated to Italy virtually un-molested with all of his troops and equipment while the allies stood around smoking cigarettes .
The destroyers shown were of the modern type : Guided Missile Destroyers .
When showing paratroopers in the air
you can see C131 's in the background
an airplane that was n't made until the 60's .I suggest to the reader to not waste your time renting this monstrosity .
The acting is terrible
none of the actors represented their characters well
the story is lame and the facts are not complete .
Instead of six hours , this story could be told in 30 minutes .
I learned nothing new
it is definitely not in the same league as & # 34
Band of Brothers & # 34 ;
and & # 34
Saving Private Ryan & # 34
which are by far the most realistic WWII movies available .
Way too many minutes showing Hitler trimming his moustache .
We all know how he ends up looking i.e .
DORKAMUNDO as Fonzie would say .
It appears to be a weird young/old Hitler
Churchill
FDR
Patton and MacArthur exercise but the Patton and MacArthur segments really perk up the series .
It 's great how they and Churchill prepped for the return of war since they were firmly convinced of Germany 's & # 34
I 'll be back nature .
What he represents is everybody else in Germany who went Nahtzee on the rest of the world and this series like everything else from History/Discovery/Military/American Hero channel hints that Hitler was just a frontman for the real power in Germany behind both world wars .
By using these individuals from different countries to tell the story
the series is able to bring up issues like the fact that America was distracted by war with Mexico and coincidentally
we were finally brought into war with the discovery of the Zimmerman telegram wherein Germany offers Mexico help in taking back territory such as ... Texas .
Bearing in mind that in 1915
Germany was mentoring the Ottoman Turks re the Armenian Genocide and that Turkey with Germany formed the Central Powers .
So maybe getting caught redhanded assassinating their own Habsburg royal to start WW1 spurred the real masterminds to use an actor who found himself after WW1 directed by government to infiltrate the Workers Party .
It all looks like a huge set up to get out of the Versailles Treaty and rearm and rewage war after the ceasefire of WW1 .
In spite of a number of excellent , well-acted dramatizations , this mini-series seems poorly researched and unbalanced .
The dramatizations of the future leaders in the first world war is appropriate ,
but not Generals MacArthur or Patton .
What was the point of dramatizing Patton 's infamous slapping of shell-shocked soldier who was also suffering from malaria ?
The narration asserts that Roosevelt ordered the Allied invasion of Sicily from far that Stalin rather than Hitler would control Europe .
What happened to the North African campaign ?
Why then was the USA supplying Stalin with equipment ?
Stalin in fact was pleading with the allies to open a second front .
Later the narrator says that in Stalingrad the Russians had a secret weapon - the infamous Russian winter ,
and troops from Siberia , well acclimated to winter fighting .
True - but more so for battle of Moscow which antedated the battle of Stalingrad .
Minor errors can be seen in some of the dramatizations
Hitler 's armband with two black stripes is an SS armband
not used by Hitler
an SS officer carries a cap with Wehrmacht insignia
a Kriegsmarine flag over a concentration camp
Hitler committed suicide sitting on a sofa in his quarters in the bunker
not in an office in uniform .
More irritating is the pointless babble from politicians
former Vice-president Dick Cheney
former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld ,
and former Senator Joe Lieberman .
None of the commentaries , not even from noted Third Reich historian Sir Richard Evans , was necessary .
His knowledge and expertise should have been consulted in the basic planning of what topics should have been covered and to correct the inaccuracies .
It 's a shame .
I disagree from the other two reviews here .
This miniseries is an excellent overview - and that 's the key word - OVERVIEW .
I 'm sure the intended audience are the general , non-expert , people .
If you say it was inaccurate because there were green fields instead of dead grasses or train tracks instead of dust
then you do n't have to see this show ,
but do n't trash it because it is an exemplary piece of journalism .
All the actors resembled their historical counterparts , the actual reasons for the wars were presented correctly ,
and the commentaries were given by an international cast of authorities - not only American ,
but British , German , Japanese , etc .
So it clearly is not a detailed historical thesis ,
but it is a great , entertaining ,
and enjoyable way to learn about your own and the world history .
Although some of this series is very interesting and worth viewing
telling the story of WWI and WWII in such a short amount of time is totally ridiculous and impossible .
Many important facts are left out .
Additionally the technical errors are so drastic that one can not believe anything .
Nothing is mentioned as to the fact that the Japanese at the end of World War I were awarded German island possessions in the Pacific such as the Marshall 's and the Mariana 's
on which thousands of Americans would die in World War II .
The Japanese only joined the Allies in World War I to get these territories on their way to controlling the Pacific .
Take the part concerning the Battle of Britain .
There are gunsight camera views from British planes shooting down German four-engined bombers but the only German four-engined bomber
the Focke-Wulf Condor was hardly ever used over England .
So this footage shows U.S. B-17 's being attacked by German planes
which has nothing to do with the Battle of Britain .
Then there is a view from a German plane bombing England ,
but it is actually a Japanese plane bombing Pearl Harbor .
Finally as the German bombers retreat they are actually American B-17 four-engined Flying Fortresses .
All of the Japanese ships I viewed were modern present-day Japanese warships complete with helicopter hangers and radar domes
which at least should have been made black instead of glaring white .
And on and on -- a really disgusting portrayal of what was .
And what of General Eisenhower and Bradley and Admiral Nimitz and Admiral Halsey and the U.S.
Submarine Service .
Amongst the other important not covered at all is the Home Front and production of weapons in the United States
the Battle of the Atlantic
the Resistance movements in occupied countries .
Not a mention , not a view .
This series should have been
at a minimum have been one week on WWI and the origin of WWII ,
and then two weeks on WWII .
Until Amazon makes this available this review is pictured by another series made two years ago with a bit of a different approach .
But for those who may be deciding whether or not to catch the current series
hopefully this brief overview will assist .
As the description for the series state
`The World Wars tells the story of three decades of war told through the eyes of various men who were its key players
Roosevelt
Hitler
Patton
Mussolini
Churchill
Tojo
DeGaulle and MacArthur .
The series examines the two wars as one contiguous timeline starting in 1914 and concluding in 1945 with these unique individuals coming of age in World War I before ultimately calling the shots in World War II .
Narrated by Jeremy Renner and with comments throughout the series from Colin Powell
Dick Cheney
Leon Panetta
John McCain
John Major
Mario Monti and many historians and correspondents form the US and Britain
the series is a collage of battle scenes -LRB- some repetitive ,
but war is repetitive -RRB- ,
but adding the young and old versions of Stalin -LRB- Jacopo Rampini /not listed -RRB-
Mussolini -LRB- Nabil Vinas/Jonathan Hartman -RRB-
MacArthur -LRB- Prescott Hathaway/not listed -RRB-
DeGaulle -LRB- Michael Perrie .
Jr ./Don Meehan -RRB-
Churchill -LRB- Tom Vickers/Ian Beyts -RRB-
Hitler -LRB- Maximillian Klas/not listed -RRB-
Lenin -LRB- C Conrad Cady -RRB-
Patton -LRB- Matt Dearman/Don Hartman -RRB-
FDR -LRB- Kevin McKillip/not listed -RRB- ,
and Tojo -LRB- not listed -RRB- .
The series is directed by John Ealer and written by Chelsea Coates
Zachary Hartmann
Claire Lawton
Alec Michod
Jordan Rosenblum ,
and David White .
No
it is n't all the information about he wars but it is a psychological study of the men who were at the helm of each country involved .
It is disturbing but the series does provide insights we should appreciate .
Grady Harp , June 14
How can you do a series that is supposed to be historical World War II and not once mention Eisenhower ?
I agree that the series is excellent .
I learned a lot more about the underlying causes of both World Wars and the individuals who played a part in each than from reading a lame
boring high school history text book .
I approached this highly promoted series with eager anticipation but ended watching it with disappointment and even disgust .
If what 's told here is all you know about WWII , you 'd think that Gen .
Patton single- handedly won the war in Europe and Gen .
MacArthur did the same in the Pacific .
Most astonishing , and shameful is the fact that Gen .
Dwight Eisenhower is never mentioned !
This is distorted , superficial history with all the depth of a comic book .
There is a need for a concise
popularized visual history of these wars that shaped the world we live in ,
but this is not it .
I was quite disappointed in this 3 pt series .
Some of the battle re-enactments were done pretty good ,
but some of the facts they presented were totally ridiculous .
Like in the pt 1 , the disaster at Gallipoli .
Narrator Jeremy Renner , said that the Germans stopped the British at Gallipoli .
Wrong .
It was the Turks , not the Germans .
True , they were German allies , but still Turks .
There were many other wrong facts , but in pt 3 , there were key ones .
FDR did not direct the Battle of Midway from the White House .
He probably received hourly reports , but it was Naval HQ in Hawaii that directed the action .
And when Patton slapped that soldier , it was not FDR who suspended him .
It was Eisenhower , probably on orders from Chief Of Staff , Gen George Marshall .
I 'm quite sure , Pres .
Roosevelt was quite aware of the incident ,
but I 'm also positive that he allowed his military commanders to run their commands as they saw fit .
Instead
they made it look like FDR personally ran the American war effort much like Hitler and Stalin ran theirs .
And speaking of Eisenhower , hardly any mention of him at all .
He was commander in chief of the European theater .
Also said repeatedly how Tojo was loyal to Emperor Hirohito .
Right .
Only when it suited him .
Tojo was only loyal to one thing and that was running Japans war effort .
He and the rest of the Japanese military only told the Emperor what they wanted him to know and kept him in the dark on many things .
In fact the military was ready to overthrow him near the end when they thought he was considering surrendering to the Allies .
History Channel dropped the ball on this one .
They had something good and spoiled it with their silly version of history .
I 'm not a big history buff ,
so I could n't tell you how accurate the documentary is ,
but frankly it is far easier to understand and digest than any history class I 've been in .
Its great for people who are interested in history but ca n't quite digest the average documentary .
Besides , its only a three-part show .
You ca n't expect it to cover everything .
I think most of the negative reviews on here have missed the entire point of this series .
Much like how Fox 's & # 34
Cosmos & # 34
series is introducing science concepts to the non-science general public
this show is introducing history to the non-history general public .
Granted & # 34
Cosmos & # 34
does not play nearly as loose with details and facts
it is also 13 episodes long
compared to 3 parts for this series .
In any event , all of the negative reviews have legitimate points about things that this series missed ,
or things that it got wrong .
I am a big-time military history buff ,
and so I am not trying to argue that this series was accurate .
But what these shows were able to accomplish is that they were able to bring this time period to life in a way that other documentaries can not .
They make you feel as if you are living through the history as it happens
at times it plays like a Hollywood blockbuster .
To me , that is the greatest success of a series like this .
As a history buff
I know how riveting history can be
in my opinion
human history is the greatest story ever told ,
and the World Wars -LRB- combined with the Cold War -RRB- were that story 's climax .
This series has successfully conveyed this sense of intensity and drama to millions of people who otherwise would never have been able to experience it .
While documentaries like & # 34
The World at War & # 34
are unbelievably better with the facts and details
how many non-history people can sit through that kind of show ?
Not many , in my opinion .
Why I liked this series is that it was able to convey the sense of drama and intensity that people like me already know exists in history to people who never thought of history in this way before
it conveys it better than I could ever hope to convey it .
Additionally
Americans are so incredibly ignorant of the First World War
that however inaccurate this series may be at times
this series adequately demonstrates just how important the First World War was
it illustrates how the World Wars were intimately connected and really were just one gigantic war .
If you have friends and family who have told you that they generally do not like history ,
or that it bores them to death , I could n't recommend this series enough .
It is the perfect way to introduce to people a new way of looking at history .
I completely understand that every factual error it has is a legitimate knock against it .
But I think it more than makes up for that with each and every person that formerly disliked history ,
and now decides that maybe they do want to check out a documentary series like & # 34
The World at War & # 34
.
There in lies the true value of a series like this .
I guess I was thinking that something called `` The History Channel '' would at least make an effort to get details correct ,
but that seems to have been far too much to expect .
From the channel that brings us such intellectual fare as `` Ancient Aliens '' and `` Ice Road Truckers '' comes an over-ambitious and under-researched summary of the most important decades of the 20th century filled with mistakes and omissions .
They run the gamut from little things like Gen .
MacArthur having 5 stars on his collar in the 30 's and German soldiers using English rifles ,
and showing B-17s and P-51s when discussing the Battle of Britain
to setting the Beer Hall Putsch & march through the streets in what appears to be an unused railway station and implying that it was FDR who planned the battle of Midway .
Omissions include not even mentioning such minor characters as Generals Eisenhower
Montgomery and Rommel and Admirals Nimitz and Halsey as well as things like the Soviet invasion of Finland ,
and pretty much the bulk of the Pacific theater aside from the Philippines .
There are a plethora of others , far too many to recount ,
but they simply show that the producers were far more concerned with the `` look '' than the `` facts '' .
The problem is almost all of these could have been corrected with a modicum of effort ,
but that was
apparently
not in the budget after paying someone like Donald Rumsfeld to give his `` expert '' opinion on Hitler .
I am also sure the ghost of FDR will rest easier knowing that Dick Cheney spoke glowingly of his leadership during the crisis .
Lots of complaints about minor details in the reviews here , which seem to be missing the point .
I would not have enjoyed this nearly so much ,
or gotten the overall feel of the era
if it had been bogged down with essentially trivial details .
Yes , it 's definitely a streamlining of history ,
but that was exactly what it was intended to be ,
and it stayed true to the sweep of history .
You know how those movies & # 34
based on an actual story & # 34
have that disclaimer at the beginning of the movie ?
Well , it would have been appropriate as a precursor to the so-called History Channel 's presentation .
Entertaining , yes .
Approachable to the casual viewer , yes .
Doubtless some will gain a better knowledge and/or understanding of these events in the context of this presentation .
And it 's not as bad as an Oliver Stone recasting of reality .
On the other hand
is it too much to expect the History Channel to provide an accurate presentation - or at least some acknowledgement that certain events/flow have been presented with a certain & # 34
latitude & # 34
with respect to the actual reality ?
This IS history , after all , and facts are stubborn things ... or should be .
I 'm actually pretty disappointed in the mini-series .
It 's very superficial , as if it was lifted from Wikipedia .
There are small inaccuracies
such as showing General MacArthur wearing his 5-star insignia during a 1930 's meeting with FDR
when such a rank was even created until 1944 .
There are omissions
such as ignoring the fact that Patton was wounded on the battlefield during WWI
and glaring inaccuracies
such as suggesting that the Bolshevik partnership of Lenin and Stalin overthrew the Czar -LRB- This is inaccurate for two reasons ... Stalin 's own propaganda suggested he played much more of a key role in support Lenin than he actually did .
Lenin , in fact , did not trust Stalin ... but was willing to use him ... .
the other inaccuracy is that the Bolsheviks did not storm anything and oust the Czar ... there were protests from all over Russia
leading to Czar Nicholas ' ministers and military advisers recommended he abdicate ... which he did
in favor of provisional government that the Bolsheviks actually DID overthrow 8 months later -RRB- ... with the way the series was promoted
I expected something much more detailed and involved .
Needless to say , I 'm disappointed
Is it deep , no , But if you are new to the subject it is outstanding .
I liked the Actor who played hittler .
The production was great by American TV standards .
WW was fun to watch and I hope it inspires people to learn more .
Three stars is generous but there were some parts I enjoyed .
I understand the tagline for this documentary has to do with men who became key figures in World War II and how World War I made them into the men they were but World War I was completely brushed aside .
This is not a documentary to learn about history , it 's not even a good overview .
The documentary begins with Hitler and does n't even mention Gavrilo Princip assassinating Franz Ferdinand which was the catalyst for all this in the first place .
There 's no mention of the national tensions between Britain , Germany , Russia , France etc .
that planted the seeds for WWI .
No mention of the Three Cousins or what each side had to lose .
The Russian Revolution was mentioned only once and inaccurately and there 's hardly if any mention of the sinking of the Luisitania which sparked American calls for intervention after wanting to remain neutral .
World War II was better but not much .
One of the two bright spots of this documentary were an okay overview of the peace of 1919 and the conditions that led to World War II .
However it left out the Spanish Civil War which is seen as a precursor to World War II .
The other was the dramatizations which gave the viewer a glimpse into the time and what the key figures were dealing with .
The music was also good .
Obviously it is impossible to include everything in a 30+ year period in a less than 3 hour documentary ,
however more could 've been done to make it more accurate and reflective of what actually happened .
Borrowed clips .
A lone B-17 attacks Poland in 1939 -LRB- standing in for the Luftwaffe -RRB- Wildly inaccurate history .
The Battle of Britain was strictly a & # 34 ; terror campaign & # 34 ; .
Bad acting .
Just watch if you can stand it.Avoid .
Nuff said .
After watching the History Channels much anticipated three-night miniseries The World Wars and array of thoughts emerge .
For the span of time in which the two world wars occurred
the show emphasizes that the Great War and Second World War in Europe and the Pacific from 1914 to 1945
roughly ran 30 years
includes the interwar activities and the build up of the conflicts that would arise by 1939 as a part of the stretch of time .
The show contained much attraction and material for any viewer to be enticed to watch .
And for history buffs , learners , readers ,
and teachers of the events of the past ,
especially particular areas of the Second World War
one major and interesting observation of the unique format of the program
a blend of documentary
recreation ,
and re-enactment
the show displayed the key leaders of the two wars as larger than life and iconic in stature - Adolf Hitler
Winston Churchill
Benito Mussolini
Joseph Stalin
General George Patton ,
and President Franklin D .
Roosevelt
each in physical appearance in every segment and scene of the show displayed these individuals much like the recent movies recreating superheroes and villains
i.e .
G.I.
Joe , Captain America , and the Avengers .
However
there appeared an imbalance of the representation or mention of other essential leaders from each of the two theatres of the war
western or eastern
Generals Douglas MacArthur
Emperor Hirohito
Hideki Tojo
Dwight D .
Eisenhower , George Marshall ,
and Admirals Chester Nimitz and William Halsey and Isoroku Yamamoto ,
and how the eastern front ,
especially during World War I and World War II may not have been equally represented in scope as the European front
the first world war conflict did stretch across geographical boundaries and impacted colonies in Asia and the Pacific as well and participants and volunteers .
There was indeed much conflict in the Pacific Ocean and the southern most corridors of islands that took more than two years to deter the Japanese imperial military forces by way of strenuous campaigns and unwelcome weather conditions and climates overlooked in the show .
What happened after Midway and Guadalcanal and what happened in the Philippines for forces to eventually move into Iwo Jima
Okinawa ,
and the fateful days of August 6 and 9 , 1945 ?
Beyond the appearance of the leaders that encountered the world on their shoulders
with many film recreations of the first and second world wars
there is bound to be something missing amidst the tremendous pieces of the puzzle of historical events .
One can discuss and debate of the would and could have been ,
but importantly
this part of history is once again being retold so not to be forgotten by new generations and to learn from these pivotal events .
As a former history and anthropology major in college ,
and a detail oriented person I did notice some irritating historical inconsistencies .
Nearly all of the infantry soldiers depicted in combat are armed with British designed Lee-Enfield rifles -LRB- Germans
Americans and Japanese -RRB- .
In the footage detailing The Blitz and the Battle of Britain
German combat camera footage of German fighters destroying American B-17 's is supposed to represent British fighters destroying German bombers .
I wonder what the WWII vets who served in those B-17 's would think of being Nazi stand-ins for this documentary .
It just makes me wonder why the researchers would have been so lax in the details when there is plenty of British gun camera footage depicting British pilots shooting down German planes .
The facts as presented in the documentary are the facts as historians understand them and for people that know little about what the World Wars were really about it is a valuable series .
So is everyone a critic ?
Do n't bother reading the mile long review complaining about the films technology .
This was a good documentary ,
and not near as bad as people are making to out to be .
I 'm not a history buff or a film director but I liked the movie and found myself anxious to see each part .
I plan on buying it when it becomes available .
Cheer up folks !
Great show .
It is accurate and entertaining .
It is not an in depth documentary so a lot is left out but the biggest players that affected WW1 and the lessons they learned and how it carried over to WW2 is the focus of this series .
I enjoyed this entire series and I do feel its ' worth watching .
But the viewer has to go into it knowing that 's its value is in the broad overview of how World War 1 shaped the people and nations involved in World War 2 .
You can not watch this for the small details and expect to learn anything because many of the small details are just flat out wrong .
General Eisenhower is almost completely left out of the entire thing .
That 's inexcusable .
Admiral Yamamoto of Japan
teh guy who planned the Pearl Harbor attacks and adamently argued with his government that it was a bad idea is 100 % left out of this 3 part series without so much as his name being mentioned once .
That 's just insane .
He was a major figure of the war and he does n't exist in this documentary .
Also there is no mention of how hard the US worked to hide Roosevelt 's paralysis .
They went to extreme efforts to make him look perfectly fine so he did n't appear weak to the Axis Powers .
That 's not mentioned once .
They barely mention his polio and paralysis at all .
And World War 1 was sparked when Archduke Ferdinand was shot .
decades of warfare where hundreds of millions died all sparked by the assasination of Ferdinand .
You 'd think they would have mentioned his name .
But nope .
Then they start taking liberties with facts .
For instance Adolf Hitler had a dorky looking mustach .
That 's a fact .
Hitler was also in a gas attack in trenched in World War 1 .
That 's a fact .
But this series connects those two facts and makes it look like Hitler 's inability to get his gas mask sealed in World War 1 caused him to immediately shave the handlebars off his mustashe
giving him his goofy looking famous mustashe right there in the WWI trenches .
I 've never seen any suggestion that happened anywhere .
It was neat in a dramatic sense , but not a historical one .
It also says that the United States was pulled into World War 1 when a plan by the Germans to fund the war with Mexico to keep the US occupied backfired due to the American people finding out about the plan .
That 's all well and good and is factually documented ,
but that was more of a broad call to war .
The overt act that had Americans demanding intervetion into the war was the sinking of Lusitania by a German U-Boat .
I do n't think that was mentioned .
If it was , the Lusitania was n't mentioned by name .
And U-Boats do n't come up at all .
Where this series shines is showing the higher level look at how the events of World War 1 shaped the way World War 2 played out .
It does n't tell you much -LRB- at least not accurately -RRB- about Hitler the man .
But it shows very well how the conditions in Germany allowed the Nazi party to rise to power and how similar conditions could lead to similar results again elsewhere in the world .
It does the same thing for other events in the wars as well ,
but at that `` Concept '' level .
Not the `` Detail '' level .
To some extent I understand leaving some things out .
It 's a 4 and a half our series -LRB- without commercials -RRB- to document what happened on 3 continents over a 30 year span .
It ca n't possible include everything .
So I get that it ca n't go into detail on things like how Hitler when from not being anti-semetic in his youth to redefining the very meaning of anti-semetism in his later years .
That one thing is a 3 hours documentary in itself -LRB- and a VERY interesting one -RRB- But it ca n't be develd into in a broad overview like this one .
There are a hundred things like this that are truncated from this series and I totally understand those kind of omissions .
But omitting major characters like Yamamoto and Eisenhower ?
And getting the details they do include about everyone else wrong ?
It 's inexcusable .
And U-Boats .
Not a single mention of U-Boats .
The powerhouse of the German Navy ... .
not even mentioned .
I did think they did a great job of showing what a sniveling little coward Neville Chamberlain was .
And how a policy of appeasement will always cost you more in the long run .
Overall it 's worth watching .
But do n't put a lot of stock in the details .
Watch it for the larger picture .
I could complain about all the technical foul-ups with the dramatizations ,
but that has been around long before History Channel came into existence
Hollywood budgets being what they are .
What I WILL complain about is a documentary that re-writes history .
I 'm not sure if the producers simply did n't have any historians available to consult ,
or if the truth was simply not the story they wanted to tell .
Some of the information is simply distortion caused by the timing of the information .
But , this documentary also provides information that is simply NOT TRUE ,
and not all of it is minor details either .
For instance : Patton did NOT conquer Italy in six weeks .
In fact , Patton did not conquer Italy .
And , the Italian Campaign lasted almost 2 years .
Slapping a soldier in Italy got Patton sidelined from the Italian campaign entirely .
-LRB- The Sicilian campaign was separate from the Italian campaign and was treated separately by most historians and by this documentary .
To watch this show , you would think the US invented the tank ,
and Patton personally introduced armored warfare to the world .
In fact , Britain invented the tank ,
and the US had no tanks in World War 1 other than those lent them by the French -LRB- and perhaps some from the British -RRB- .
To watch this show
the breaking of the Japanese codes was done by FDR 's Washington code breakers and FDR warned the fleet of the impending Midway attack .
Also , the ambush of the Japanese fleet was credited as FDR 's `` bold plan '' .
The HYPO code-breakers that discovered the Japanese plans were in Hawaii and reported to Admiral Nimitz .
Nimitz , Fletcher , and Spruance came up with the plans .
Also , the documentary 's description of the battle is incorrect , misleading ,
and contains false statements like that four of the carriers that attacked Pearl Harbor were destroyed in under 6 minutes .
To watch this show
you would think that MacArthur was in charge of the entire Pacific campaign
except for FDR 's apparent almost direct control at Midway .
To watch this show
you would think that Patton was only put back in the field in order to save US forces at the Bulge .
He was put back in the field right after the D-Day landings
months before the Battle of the Bulge
as soon as his part in the deception plans was over .
The show makes a point of claiming that the only reason Hitler attacked Stalingrad was because it was named after Stalin ,
and that the only reason Stalin defended it was for the same reason .
While
no doubt the name of the town was an incentive to both parties
it was a minor one .
Hitler 's drive to the south was to gain the Caucuses oil fields ,
and he had to take Stalingrad or leave a huge Russian army on his flanks .
The idea of this series was a good one .
Take several key figures in World War 2 ,
and show how their experiences in World War 1 and the intervening depression shaped their lives and through them the World War 2 .
And
it might even be understandable if they omitted important events that did n't involve the figures they chose .
But
it is not understandable when they choose to re-write history in order that the chosen figures are more prominent -LRB- Patton and FDR above -RRB- ,
or come up with crack-pot un-substantiated ideas and present them as fact -LRB- Stalingrad above -RRB- ,
or just plain get the history wrong .
Dramatic license may be acceptable in a movie ,
but it does not belong in a documentary , even one containing dramatizations .
I hope no students use this entertaining bunch of misinformation as the basis of a report .
They 'll likely get a failing grade .
First of all I teach US History at the Jr High and High School level so I know quite a bit on these topics ,
and I believe this three part series is very good and I would recommend giving it a look .
Sure it leaves out many famous important characters from World War II -LRB- in particular the much mentioned Dwight David Eisenhower from comments above -RRB- ,
but the video series was not intended to be an all inclusive account of the war .
Instead this video series chooses to discuss a handful of famous individuals that had connections to the two world wars
both as simple soldiers
future generals ,
and world leaders .
I gave this video series 4/5 stars since as many have said above
it does skip certain details that might lead one to fill in the blanks
like the tank invention ,
but it never says the US invented it -LRB- this is just jumping to an incorrect conclusion -RRB- .
The style in which the series was created tells the stories of these men and is not meant to be full of history lesson details of the entire war
for what it is designed to do it does very well and it is very interesting .
I would recommend it .
For the people that are complaining
the point was to focus on specific people -LRB- Hitler
Stalin
etc .
which is why some other historical figures were not in the spotlight .
I thought it was well done and I enjoyed Jeremy Renner as the narrator .
Hopefully it makes people research the wars/players and get more information .
I hope no one watching honestly thought that this would encompass everything you need to know about the wars which could n't be done in a 3-night/6-hour miniseries .
For what it is , I enjoyed and look forward to rewatching it .
I liked this program , including the actors who were mostly good .
I noted that MacArthur called Patton `` lieutenant '' when he was a lieutenant colonel
which would never have happened .
I also noted that they had some exceptionally distinguished historians including and especially Sir Max Hastings
who is always excellent .
The gimmick in this presentation was to use modern day politicians including Dick Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld ,
and John McCain to tell us what the wars meant .
McCain had an especially prominent role .
Almost all of the politicians used in this series -LRB- except Leon Panetta -RRB- were strong supporters of the Iraq war .
By presenting themselves as sages on the World Wars were they trying to imply that they made the correct calls in Iraq ?
Or am I inferring this when it was never really implied ?
Guess people will have to decide for themselves .
Speakung as a history major and pointing out my uneducated fellow reviewers I could spend this review saying who dis and did not do what .
Instead .
I say watch it yourself .
Take points from it and research yourself and form your own opinion .
The films are fantastic and worth owning
I saw this at a film festival and it is easily the best LGBT movie I 've ever seen .
I felt like sexuality was not the star of the movie ,
but instead these great actors portrayed growing up
striving for independence and struggling with disability and sexuality was a component of these things
like they are for any given adolescent .
It was amazing and I would definitely watch it again .
This is Daniel Ribeiro 's theatrical version of his short
& # 34
I Do not Want to Go Back Alone & # 34
-LRB- Eu No Quero Voltar Sozinho -RRB- .
It retells the original short 's story while expanding the world in which it takes place is .
The original short was a touching , and heart warming coming of age tale .
The theatrical version stars the same cast with Ghilherme Lobo playing Leo
a blind teen
again his performance is exceptional and the expanded details of his family and school life help set it apart from just a retelling of the short .
Leo 's best friend
Giovana
played by Tess Amorim
is something of an unrequited love and some what frustrated that Leo is quite literally blind to her affections .
When a transfer student
Gabriel
played by Fabio Audi
arrives Giovana and several other girls from Leo 's school find themselves biding for Gabriel 's attention .
All the while Leo continues to deal with bullies
his over protective mother
as well as his own developing friendship with Gabriel .
It 's a touching and well plotted coming of age
as well as coming out story that will just melt your heart .
